Docs: Add CodeQL system requirements page (#10612)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-overview/system-requirements.rst

:tocdepth: 1

.. _system-requirements:

System requirements
-------------------

System requirements for running the latest version of CodeQL.

Supported platforms
#######################

.. include:: ../support/reusables/platforms.rst

Additional software requirements
################################

> - For extraction of compiled languages on all platforms, the system must be configured so that it can successfully build and compile your code, independently of CodeQL.
> - On Linux, extraction of compiled languages (C/C++, C#, Go, Java) and Ruby requires ``glibc`` version 2.17 or greater.
>     - Extraction of these languages on ``musl-c``-based Linux distributions, such as Alpine Linux, is not supported.
> - TypeScript extraction on all platforms requires Node.js to be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``node``.
> - On Linux and macOS, extraction of Python 2 or Python 3 requires Python 3 to be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``python3`` or ``python``.
>         - For Python 2 extraction, we also recommend having Python 2 installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``python2``.
> - On Windows, extraction of Python 2 or Python 3 requires the Python launcher to be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``py.exe``.

Reviewer: Suggest we might reformat something like this:

```suggestion
To generate a CodeQL database for a compiled language, you must ensure that the system can successfully build and compile your code, independently of CodeQL. 

CodeQL tools have the following requirements.

For compiled languages (C/C++, C#, Go, Java) and Ruby on Linux:

- ``glibc`` version 2.17 or greater must be installed.
- ``musl-c``-based Linux distributions, such as Alpine Linux, are not supported.

For Typescript on all platforms:

- Node.js must be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``node``.

For Python:
- On Linux and macOS, Python 3 must be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``python3`` or ``python``.
- For Python 2 extraction on Linux and macOS, we also recommend having Python 2 installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``python2``.
- On Windows, the Python launcher must be installed and available on the ``PATH`` as ``py.exe``.
```
